Update to use `std::future::Future` (#100)
wyyerd/stripe-rs: CHANGELOG.md

# Version 0.12.0-alpha.2

## Improvements
- New feature flags have been introduced to disable unused parts of the stripe APIs.
  This helps reduce binary bloat and compile time.

- The async client has been updated to use `std::future::Future`.
  The `async` feature flag is deprecated.
  Prefer `{ default-features = false, features = ["full"] }` instead. 

## Feature Flags

> In this version, new feature flags have been added t

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version, new feature flags have been added to help reduce binary bloat
```

and compile time in downstream applications.

> ## Feature Flags

Reviewer: Maybe remove this header, since we're already under the ## Feature Flags above?
